---
tags:
  - journal
creation date: 2023-11-04 14:45
modification date: Saturday, 04 -  November - 2023 - 14:45:04
---

# Journal Date: <font color="green">2023-11-03</font>

---
>[!column| left wsmall no-i c-p-sm] &nbsp;
> ## Questions and Doubts
> &emsp;
> &emsp;
>>[!question| c-p-sm]-
>> ##### &emsp;How many time do I need to write the equivalent number of words per day?
>
>>[!question| c-p-sm]-
>> ##### &emsp;What will I write about?
>
>>[!question| c-p-sm]-
>> ##### &emsp;What is the best way to make/design a Dwarf Fortress logo?

>[!column| no-i] &nbsp;
> ## Projects, subjects and Ideas
> First I'd like to try thinking about some stuff before starting my daily note, on this one I'll try to write a plan for November and what else I should do so, let's get started:
> For November I'd like to try NaNoWriMo, I'm a bit late but I think I can get started, then I'd like to review all my projects and stuff, so for that, let me do a task list
> >[!note] Tasks
> > >[!multi-column| 3| bg-blue]
> > > >[!column| c-p-sm no-i]- Programming
> > > > - [ ]  The Deep - Roguelike
> > > > - [ ] Snipp.it
> > > > - [ ] Light House
> > > > - [ ] Sound Generator
> > >
> > > >[!column| c-p-sm no-i]- Yodayo Tavern
> > > > - [ ] Viscious Cruel Mistress
> > > > - [ ] Cyberpunk Adventure
> > > 
> > > >[!column| c-p-sm no-i]- Writing
> > > > - [ ] Notes
> > > > - [ ] NaNoWriMo
> >
>
> I was also thinking about beginning a Dwarf Fortress log, and perhaps to get deep into my [[Worldbuilding]]. For that to happen I assume I'll need to reformulate my vault, so, I might write a bit about it today. And Beyond that, I also would like to write more [[Notes]] about Sexuality. I'll see how that goes
> >[!tip|c-p-sm]+ List of ideas
> > ### Ideas:
> > - Dwarf Fortress log
> > - NaNoWriMo about The Deep
> > - Vault Reformulation
> > - Write a new Note
> ## Experiences
> The experiences for today are still a bit blurred for me, but perhaps I'll begin to investigate what I need to do for NaNoWrimo and see the rest later.
> I began writing for NaNoWriMo, but I soon get tired, but there is still a lot of time for me to continue writing. I also want to use this type of note for getting the things I want to do in Obsidian in my mind. I think it might work since this pattern seems so much easier to write things down and to understand them later when read.
> ## People
> I am planning to meet the people from [[Holoencontro Brasil]] tomorrow. and perhaps today I will also meet some of my friends.
> ## Readings/Media
> ## Activities
---
>[!column| c-p-sm no-i]+ &nbsp;
> ## Summary
> - I got some projects down the table and organized then in tasks, I'll later organize each one in smaller tasks. I also talked about other projects I want to do, but they are just ideas.
> - I wrote those other ideas in a list, and I'll try to get them done ASAP
> - I wrote a little for the NaNoWriMo and also watched a bunch of YouTube videos to understand better about note taking
