---
tags:
  - journal
creation date: 2023-11-05 07:12
modification date: Sunday, 05 -  November - 2023 - 21:15:08
---
# Journal Date: <font color="green">2023_11_05</font>

---
>[!column| left wsm-med no-i c-p-sm]  ## Questions and Doubts
>>[!question| wsm-med no-i c-p-sm]-
>> &emsp;What can I do to write a note
>> &emsp;about my really personal and intimate self?
>
>
>>[!question| wsm-med no-i c-p-sm]-
>>&emsp;How to notice patterns
>>&emsp;and work on the bad ones that I notice?
>
>
>>[!question| wsm-med no-i c-p-sm]-
>>&emsp;At night, after I day where many
>>&emsp;things happened and after getting 
>>&emsp;back home, howto stay productive?
 
>[!column| no-i]  ## Projects, subjects and Ideas
>Today I want to try on continuing the things I started [[2023_11_04_journal|Yesterday]], continueing on [[NaNoWriMo]] and keeping pushing me forward.
> ## Ideas
>- I didn't try the idea I had about a Personal article, I'll try to get some material to work with and already set the Note for today.
>- I want to update a bit of my [[Worldbuilding]] before starting writing more for NaNo. Also, I need to keep up with my word count better.
>- Make revising the day's before daily note an habit
> ^ideas
> ## Experiences
>- Today I'm going out, meet the Hololive Fans here in São Paulo. I hope it will be a nice experience, I'll write more about it when I get home
> ## People
> I met two of my friends, but I was a bit uncomfortable because there isn't as much people as I thought.
> I also met a cousin I didn't have seen for a while. It was good meeting him for a while.
> ## Readings/Media
>- Saw a [You Tube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08OCdeqDmZA&t=636s&ab_channel=BitsandBobsDivination) on Grimoires and [some about Commonplace Books](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GezU2JHG_2w&ab_channel=AmyLandino) that gave me some inspirations
> ## Activities
> For today going out was my activity, It was good, and I felt really good getting out of the house for a change. I know I should be more [[Socializing|Social]] but it is still a bit uncomfortable, but now that I'm writing daily notes, I feel I can resolve this in some way, by writing more, getting more self-knowledge and improving on myself as I gather more information. 
> I also made some improvement on some Worldbuilding Notes but I found a problem with the infobox I couldn't solve.

>[!column| c-p-sm no-i] ## Summary
>So, today I started this daily note in the morning, watched some videos on more efficient note taking methods and started writing about it, at 3pm I went out to see some of my friends and it was good seeing them again. After that I came back and finished this note... 
>I also noticed the importance of reviewing this notes and added it to the [[2023_11_05_journal#^ideas|Ideas]] topic of this note. I hope I can remember doing it tomorrow and turning it into a habit, I also saw in one the videos I watched today that if feeling not motivated to do something I should at least try doing it for 2 minutes, let's try this tomorrow with reviewing the notes.